# GoalWeightApp
A simple, light-weight, ad-free weight tracking application aimed to help users achieve their weight goals. 


The Goal Weight application is designed for users who want a simple and easy to use app that helps them track their weight. Users can set a weight goal, and log their weight entires daily. The app is simple, easy to understand, and ad-free. The app consists of 3 main screens and 2 sub screens. The main screens include an login screen, a dashboard that showcases the user's goal weight and their daily entries, and a screen to set a new goal weight. The two subscreens include a new account creation screen and a screen that allows users to turn on or off SMS notifications. To code this app, I first designed my UI xml files and got the buttons and text set up in a way I thought was clutter free, and easy to understand. Next I coded all the different functionalities of the pages. I coded them in order of how a user might navigate through the app, and fixed bugs that popped up as I went along. I tested the code every step of the way. First, I created an account and titled it "test1." I wanted to make sure that account usernames and passwords could be saved, and recognized when they entered them. I made more test accounts, "test2", "test3", etc. To ensure that features like the goal weight prompt came up for first time users. If a new use was accessing the app for the first time, the first page they would see after successfully logging in was the goal setting page. If the user had previously logged in, then they would be taken to the main dashboard instead. Finally, I tested that individual weight entries would be saved when exiting the app, and that they would not appear when a different user tried to log in. 
